However, despite the tremendous progress, just like traditional
software, DNN-based software, including the ones used for autonomous
driving, often demonstrate incorrect/unexpected corner-case
behaviors that can lead to dangerous consequences like a fatal
collision.


we design, implement, and evaluate DeepTest, a
systematic testing tool for automatically detecting erroneous behaviors
of DNN-driven vehicles that can potentially lead to fatal
crashes

DeepTest maximizes
the neuron coverage of a DNN using synthetic test images
generated by applying different realistic transformations on a set
of seed images.

DeepTest systematically explore different
parts of the DNN logic by generating test inputs that maximize
the numbers of activated neurons. DeepTest found thousands of
erroneous behaviors under different realistic driving conditions
(e.g., blurring, rain, fog, etc.) many of which lead to potentially fatal
crashes in three top performing DNNs in the Udacity self-driving
car challenge.

We empirically demonstrate that changes in neuron
coverage are statistically correlated with changes in the actions of
self-driving cars (e.g., steering angle). Therefore, neuron coverage
can be used as a guidance mechanism for systemically exploring
different types of car behaviors and identify erroneous behaviors.
Next, we demonstrate that different image transformations that
mimic real-world differences in driving conditions like changing
contrast/brightness, rotation of the camera result in activation of
different sets of neurons in the self-driving car DNNs.


We use domain-specific metamorphic relations to
find erroneous behaviors of the DNN without detailed specification.

We show that
by combining these image transformations, the neuron coverage
can be increased by 100% on average compared to the coverage achieved by manual test inputs. Finally, we use transformation-specific
metamorphic relations between multiple executions of the
tested DNN (e.g., a car should behave similarly under different
lighting conditions) to automatically detect erroneous corner case
behaviors. We found thousands of erroneous behaviors across the
three top performing DNNs in the Udacity self-driving car challenge

All the realistic transformation cases are not covered.
The only accuracy considered was that of a steering wheel and not others like that of brakes and acceleration
